XEROSIC: Begin irradiation!
BALD HENCHMAN: Sir!
B CORE: [PAINED]
XEROSIC: Oh my. Your power It's
truly terrifying, my little Z2.
Such an incredible thing to see!
B CORE: [PAINED]
SQUISHY: [SAD] [SEARCHING]
SQUISHY: [SAD]
BONNIE: You seem sad, Squishy.
BONNIE: Squishy/. Squishy.
You're oh, so very soft.
Squishy. Squishy. You're oh, so
pretty green. Squishy. Squishy.
The cutest I've ever
seen. You're happy sleeping
in my bag, Squishy.
ASH: Bonnie, something wrong?
BONNIE: Nothing!
SERENA: Wow, hey look!
They're exhibiting a beautiful
gem at the hotel!
BONNIE: I want to see!
ASH: Beautiful gem?
PIKACHU : [CURIOUS]
SERENA: We should all go!
CLEMONT: You really want to?
SERENA: Sure do!
ASH: UhThen why
don't we go check it out?
SERENA: Can't wait!
SQUISHY: [OBSERVING]
NARRATOR: Our heroes are on
their way to Serena's Master
Class Showcase in
Gloir City, but for now,
they're visiting Jacore Town.
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
SERENA: It's
already closed for the day?!
RECEPTIONIST: Yes,
I'm afraid it is.
Come back another time please.
SERENA: I was
really looking forward to it
ASH: I know. Do you
have an available room?
RECEPTIONIST: Why yes, we do!
ASH: Let's stay here
tonight and go see
the exhibit first
thing in the morning.
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
SERENA: Yeah!
LOCKE: I'm only after one thing
SERENA: Let's go to bed
early tonight for tomorrow.
DEDENNE: [AFFIRMATIVE]
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
‐ASH: What's that?
‐BONNIE: So loud!
CLEMONT: It sounds
like an alarm.
‐GUARD A: It's the top floor!
‐GUARD B: The gem exhibit!
BONNIE: Did they
say gem exhibit?
SERENA: Wonder what's wrong
ASH : Hey,
let's go check it out!
GUARD C:
The diamond is still here.
GUARD A:
Looks like nothing was stolen.
GUARD B: That's strange. All
they did was open the lock.
GUARD C: Who are you?!
LOCKE: Master Thief Keyes! Who
opened the lock? Why, I did!
LOCKE: Well then, good night!
‐GUARD B: Come back!
‐GUARD A: Contact Officer Jenny!
ASH: Master Thief Keyes?
OFFICER JENNY: Yes, this is
definitely his handiwork.
OFFICER JENNY: You were
watching too, weren't you?
Tell me exactly what you saw.
BONNIE: He threw
that card, then escaped
through that window!
He laughed and called
him‐ self Master Thief Keyes!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY : [UNSURE]
ED: I'm sorry I'm late.
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY:
[SCARED] [HIDE]
ED: Is this where it took place?
OFFICER JENNY: Yes. I'm sorry I
had to call you in.
‐ED: Let's see.
‐OFFICER JENNY: Here.
ED : Yes, that's mine. There's
no doubt that I made this lock.
BONNIE: No way!
You made that lock yourself?!
DEDENNE: [DISBELIEF]
OFFICER JENNY:
Ed is a locksmith.
ASH: My name's Ash. And
this is my partner, Pikachu.
PIKACHU: [GREETING]
SERENA: I'm Serena.
BONNIE: My name's Bonnie,
and that's Dedenne up there.
DEDENNE: [GREETING]
BONNIE: And this's Squishy.
CLEMONT: I'm Clemont.
ED: It's really
not that impressive.
ED: After all,
he managed to unlock it.
OFFICER JENNY: See,
for some strange reason,
every single one of Master
Thief Keyes' incidents
have been targeting Ed's locks.
ASH: Wow. That sounds so weird
SERENA: I wonder why.
OFFICER JENNY:
I'd say that he might be
holding a grudge against Ed.
JESSIE: It's music to my ears.
MEOWTH: Let's get that
lug to join Team Rocket.
JAMES: That way
we'll be able to pick any
kind of lock that
needs picking. Handy!
JESSIE: We'll
break in anywhere, any day.
JAMES: Yay!
WOBBUFFET: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: This is all so weird!
CLEMONT: Who
would've thought we'd witness
an incident like this?
SERENA: And now they're
calling off the gem exhibit,
tooAll because
of that Master Thief!
ASH: What I'd like to find
out is who that guy really is
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY :
[EXERT ION] [EXERTION]
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY : [YELL]
BONNIE: What is that?!
Get it off! Get it off!
‐CLEMONT: Bonnie, NO!
‐ASH: Take it easy!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [RESIST]
ASH: It's Stuck.
CLEMONT: Hold on! I'll help!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY:
[SCREAM] [DISMISSIVE]
PIKACHU: [YELL]
ASH: That hurts!!
BONNIE: Stop!
Get off of my HEAD!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [YELL]
CLEMONT: Sounds like it's
trying to tell us something
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
POKEDEX: Binacle.
The Two‐Handed Pokémon.
Binacle live in pairs, two on
the same rock. If they fight,
one of them finds a new rock.
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [PLEADING]
ASH: The Pokédex says
there should be another one.
CLEMONT: It's true that
Binacle always come in pairs
SERENA: So what does it mean?
CLEMONT: Maybe it has something
to do with the way this Binacle
is sticking to Bonnie's head.
ASH: Wow, you think so?
ED: Is that you, Righty?
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY:
[SURPRISE] [DISMISSIVE]
BONNIE: Uh what?
ASH: Scuse me,
is this your Pokémon?
ED: Yes We had a
fight a while back.
And it's been
missing ever since.
ED: Righty,
where have you been?!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [CURT]
ED: I told you to
forget about Lefty!
Now you get off of
this little girl! Let's go!
ED: You are so stubborn! Who
taught you to act that way?
SERENA: Wouldn't it be a
good idea to calm down?
CLEMONT: She's right!
ASH: Why did you two get into
a fight in the first place?
BONNIE: Maybe we can
figure out what happened!
ED: All right, all right.
Righty has been looking around
everywhere trying to find Locke.
LOCKE: No, that's wrong
ED: Slow it down! That's no way
to handle that poor lock. Stop!
LOCKE: But sir
ED: Give it to me.
ED: I'll have to tell
you again. People and locks
are much the same.
When you're trying to get
someone to open up, you treat
them with kindness, right?
ED: You still have a
lot of learning to do!
ED: My apprentice left
shortly after that incident.
Along with the
other Binacle, Lefty.
ASH: Then what?
ED: Righty really
wanted to find them both,
so I said do whatever
you want. I have no time
for the likes of them.
Once those two had made
the decision to leave me,
then I was through!
SERENA: Oh. Then that explains
why Righty's still mad.
BONNIE: Yeah. It sure does.
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ED: Righty! Will you stop
causing all this trouble?!
Get off of
that little girl, NOW!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [SCORNFUL]
ED: You
CLEMONT: Wait! Please calm down!
CLEMONT: Perhaps it would
be a good idea if Righty
stays with us tonight.
ED: Stays with you?
BONNIE: I'll take
good care of Righty!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ED: OkayBut just for tonight!
You'd better not
cause any trouble!
ASH: Now that
that's all settled,
let's go and look for
Lefty and Locke tomorrow!
SERENA: Yeah!
ED: I've got such a
troublesome apprentice
ED: Only we could unlock this.
My difficult
apprentice and myself.
LOCKE: Once he sees
how I opened that lock,
he'll have to admit how
good I am. He'll just have to!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LOCKE: You're right.
We're a team.
I owe you
a lot for helping so much!
MEOWTH:
Binacle number two dead ahead!
MEOWTH: The lug it's with must
be that Master Thief Keyes!
JESSIE: So, catch that duo.
JAMES: We're OFF!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [CONFUSED]
LOCKE: What's going on here?!
JESSIE: You're
Master Thief Keyes, aren't you?
LOCKE: And who are you?!
LOCKE: If you want
the gem, I don't have it!
I would never steal anything!
JAMES:
That's of no concern to us.
JESSIE: Our real
business is with you
and your partner, Binacle!
LOCKE: Binacle?
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [WORRIED]
ASH: All right, let's find Ed's
apprentice and Lefty right now!
PIKACHU: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: First, we just have
to figure where to start
SERENA: It would
help to have a clue.
CLEMONT:
This is where I come in.
CLEMONT: Because, the future
is now thanks to science!
Clemontic Gear, on!
CLEMONT: I thought we'd
encounter a situation
precisely like this one!
This's my Binacle Finder!
BONNIE: You and your
boring invention names
CLEMONT: It's actually not
a Binacle‐specific finder,
but let's call it that for now.
BONNIE: Lazy, too.
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [UNIMPRESSED]
ASH: We can find it with that?
CLEMONT: Yes! Binacle live in
pairs, so all we need to do is
find a Pokémon with
the same exact biometric
data as this Binacle!
CLEMONT: Power, on!
CLEMONT: We're ready to go!
ASH: Wow! Science is so amazing!
CLEMONT:
I found it! It's that way!
ASH: We'll find
your buddy in no time!
ASH : "Who's that Pokémon?"
ASH : "It's Binacle!"
LOCKE: What's this?
MEOWTH: The back
of the Pokémon Center.
JESSIE: We're going to open up
the storage house and make off
with every
single Pokémon inside.
MEOWTH:
Right up your alley, palley!
JAMES: Picking
that should be a breeze.
LOCKE: All right. I'll do it.
JESSIE: Yeehaw!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[NEGATIVE RESPONSE]
LOCKE: But first,
undo this restraint!
How can I use my hands?
‐JESSIE: He does have a point.
‐JAMES: Set him free, old chum.
MEOWTH: Righteo!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [EXERTION]
LOCKE: Let's go, Lefty!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [CONFUSED]
MEOWTH: Chop chop.
JESSIE:
A pile of Pokémon awaits!
LOCKE: Yeah. Or maybe not!
LOCKE: I don't steal!
Lefty, Brick Break!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[BRICK BREAK MOVE]
JESSIE: Hey! Meowth!
LOCKE: Let's go, quick!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
JESSIE: Hey, you two aren't
getting away!
JESSIE: Quick, Gourgeist,
front and center, now!
GOURGEIST: [APPEARING]
JAMES: Inkay, you, too!
INKAY: [APPEARING]
‐JESSIE: Seed Bomb!
‐JAMES: Use Psybeam!
INKAY: [PSYBEAM MOVE]
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[FEAR] [EXERTION]
NURSE JOY: Don't I know you?
LOCKE: Nurse Joy,
help! Get Officer Jenny!
They're trying to steal
every Pokémon you have!
JESSIE: Use Seed Bomb!
GOURGEIST: [SEED BOMB MOVE]
GOURGEIST: [FEAR]
JESSIE:
We're blasting off again!
GOURGEIST: [AFFIRMATIVE]
INKAY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[EXERTION] [YELLING]
BONNIE: Oh no!
ASH: A fire!
CLEMONT: It says this is it!
‐SERENA: No way!
‐ASH: Let's hurry!
NURSE JOY: Oh no!
LOCKE: It's dangerous!
NURSE JOY: But there are
so many Pokémon inside!
They need our help!
LOCKE: I know
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [EXERTION]
ASH: Nurse Joy?!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [QUESTION]
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [QUESTION]
LOCKE: Righty?
ASH: Locke, you work for Ed!
LOCKE: Uh, yeah
BONNIE: Righty has been
looking for you and Lefty!
LOCKE: Looking for us? BINACLE
‐ RIGHTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Not now!
First things first!
We need to put out
the fire right away!
LOCKE: I know!
LOCKE: Do you have the key?
We need it right now!
NURSE JOY: I must have dropped
it during the explosion.
LOCKE: Okay. Then
contact the fire department!
NURSE JOY: Right!
ASH: Now what?
LOCKE: There are Pokémon inside.
LOCKE: My partner
and I know what to do!
LOCKE:
We'll simply save them all.
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LOCKE: Let's go, Lefty!
ASH: But wait!
PIKACHU: [WORRIED CALLING]
BONNIE: No, look out!
ASH: All right,
we need to put out that fire!
ASH: Greninja,
use Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
‐CLEMONT: Here.
‐SERENA: You can do it!
BONNIE: Righty,
can you use Water Gun?
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BONNIE: Do it, now!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY:
[WATER GUN MOVE]
ASH: 'Kay, s your chance!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LOCKE: All right, Lefty, it's
time! Do it like we always do!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[AFFIRMATIVE] [DETERMINED]
ASH: Keep it coming!
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
BONNIE: Righty!
Keep using Water Gun!
SQUISHY: [OBSERVING]
LOCKE: We did it!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
LOCKE: Now, Lefty!
Let's put all of the Poké
Balls here in this cart!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY:
[EXERTION] [EXERTION]
LOCKE: It's stuck!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [SURPRISE]
LOCKE: Can you hear me?!
Anyone?!
‐ASH: Yeah!
‐LOCKE: The door won't open!
ASH: What?!
BONNIE: What are
we gonna do now?
CLEMONT: I'm not really sure
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [EXERTION]
CLEMONT: Where are you going?!
Get Help!
NURSE JOY:
There are Pokémon inside!
FIREFIGHTER: Got it!
ED: What's that?
BONNIE: Help! Please
ED: That girl. It's you!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [YELLING]
ED: What's going on?!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [REASSURING]
ED: Is everyone okay?!
ASH: Bonnie! Ed!
CLEMONT: Of course! You went
with Righty to go and get Ed!
ASH: All right!
The entry door won't open!
ED: She told me!
ED: Now, work time, Righty!
BINACLE ‐ RIGHTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Wait!
FIREFIGHTER:
It's dangerous! Stay back!
ED: I have to go
save my apprentice!
FIREFIGHTER: Hey, wait!
ED: Hey, it's me!
Are you all right?!
LOCKE: It's Ed
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [SURPRISE]
ED: A locksmith never ever gives
up when trying to open a lock!
I taught you to always try to
open every lock, didn't I?!
LOCKE: Ed
ED: Your hands stuck together?!
LOCKE: I was just giving myself
a little break. Lefty, let's go!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ED: That's the spirit! I'll
work on it from the outside,
so you work on
it from the inside!
LOCKE: Okay!
ED: See the rotary latch?
LOCKE: I do!
ED: It's a difficult job.
There are five of them inside.
Move the back latch to the right
twice. Move the closest latch to
the left once and
then the middle latch over
to the right by one.
ED: I'll hold onto any damaged
parts! Give me a hand, Righty!
ED: Good!
ED: Quickly!
We're running out of time!
LOCKE: Right! Lefty,
I'm counting on you!
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ED: Now, compose yourself.
And stay calm.
ED: Gently. Gently
LOCKE: Please, EdThere's
something I want to tell you in
case this doesn't work.
ED: Be quiet and
move those hands!
LOCKE: Master Thief Keys,
who's been opening your locks
that guy's me. I wanted
you to acknowledge my skills.
ED: I knew that.
ED: Do I have to spell
everything out for you?
There are only two
people who have the skill
to open those locks.
Me, and you.
ED: Yes, you're
already a fine locksmith.
LOCKE: You mean it?
ED: Listen! This is
where it all counts the most!
LOCKE: All right, sir!
Well done my apprentice.
LOCKE: Thanks!
We did well, didn't we?
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY BINACLE ‐
RIGHTY: [EXCITED]
ASH: Wow, so you're
Master Thief Keyes, huh
SERENA:
And you knew it the whole time?
ED: Yes.
LOCKE: I'm sorry for all the
trouble I caused you. Really.
ED: You have to pay the
price for what you did.
LOCKE: I know.
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [EXERTION]
BINACLE ‐ LEFTY: [AGREEING]
LOCKE: Aw, Lefty. Thanks Pal.
OFFICER JENNY: So.
You can tell me all about
it down at the station.
ED: I hope you'll come
back when you're a free man.
I'll leave the door unlocked.
Count on it.
LOCKE: Thank you, Ed.
ASH: Glad things
turned out okay.
SERENA: And he'll always
have a place to come back to.
CLEMONT: With all his talent,
there's no doubt
he's a great locksmith.
ED: Hey, kids? This
stays between us, all right?
OFFICER JENNY: Since all
Locke did was open locks,
I'll go ahead and issue
him a warning and he'll
be released in no time at all.
ED: Sorry for all of this.
ASH: Wow, really?!
ED: I figured by
keeping quiet for a change,
I could teach him a lesson.
NARRATOR: After witnessing the
bond between a skilled master
and his apprentice, along
with the bond between people and
Pokémon, our heroes once
again realize the importance
of a trusting relationship,
as the journey continues!